you've asked plenty of good questions. I think one thing you could consider
asking whether to me or to another to another superior, perhaps,
is. You know what? Ah, how do I stay organized and keep keep? Ah,
solid record on my officer accomplishments throughout my career. So
one big interaction you will have is with the Navy Personnel Command.
And there's a nine idea out there that they have all the information
about you in some vault Weatherby a digital or otherwise. But they
screw up. They miss. Thinks they do not get fit reps. They do not
have awards. It's very important for you to keep track of your accomplishments
so that if they somehow get lost, you can quickly produce
them in order to fill out your record. Because keep in mind when you're
moving through your career and these different screen boards air,
deciding if you're gonna move up would be it positionally or through
just simple rank promotion. If they see a discrepancy in your record,
that's all they have to go on. They don't have any real personal
input from you about what you did, and those decisions will be made
very quickly as in a matter of seconds, oftentimes. So be responsible
for your record. Keep a good handle on it in the case that something
comes up later.